You don't sleep at night
A maid?
Maid, you are a maid, your whole family understands maids
I'm a loli, do you understand?
What a girl!
Okay, okay, I don't know this one.
Sexy maid doesn't sleep at night
What are you doing in my room?
Could it be that the night is long?
Want to spend the night with me
Bah
It's beautiful to think, I'm here to inform you of something
notify
So what's up?
The day after tomorrow, there will be a soul feast
You are honored to have been selected by me.
Come with me then
If it's 500 a day, no more
Very good, quite a few grades
OK, OK, OK.
Grade synthesis, we all sign the partnership
Fa beat back your identity is not guaranteed
Hey, why are you here?
Why are you out of breath at night?
I can't sleep
Exercise exercise ha
That streamer
You tomorrow night
Can you accompany me to the exquisite banquet?
I don't know if you're crazy.
Ah!
Ling Linglongyan
Is it inconvenient?
inconvenient
Let me ask you a question.
Then that's it. Okay, no problem.